Deep learning is for Un-structure Data saying so it can also used
for Structured data as well

Structure which is very Complex in nature (more dimension, more data)

Deep Learning:

1. Structured
2. Un-Structured
3. NLP(Natural Language Process)

Deep learning is the process of learning thing in deeper way

Neurons (it will split the given image into deeper tiles(parts),
then it reads the image closely

After reading each image closely, it will extract only important
features

Deep Learning:

1. Perception
2. ANN - Artificial neural networks
3. DNN - Deep Neural Network
4. CNN - Convolution Neural Network
5. RNN - Re-current Neural Network

Deep learning frameworks:

1. TensorFlow (Google)
2. PyTorch(meta)

Deep learning :

It is a subset of Machine learning, which in itself is a subset
of Artificial Intelligence, each representing a narrowing
specialization within the field.

Artificial Intelligence <-- Machine Learning <-- Deep learning

Artificial Intelligence:
 Is a field of study focused on creating machine capable
 of performing

 Deep learning Evaluation:

 1. Perceptron -->
                    2. Multi-layer perceptron -->
                                                  3. Back Propagation -->
                                                                         4. Convolutional neural Network


 1. Image recognition: Train the machine to accurate identification and classify the objects within images
 2. Natural Language Understanding(NLU): Teaches computer to comprehend and process human language
 3. Speech Recognition : Enables computer to transcribe and understand spoken works


Deep Learning:                                         Machine Learning
1. Subset of Machine learning                          1 . A broad field of training algorthiums to make
   on training deep neural networks                    2. utilizes techniques like decision tree,super vector machine
2. Excels in tasks like Image recognition,                 random forests
   neural language, speech synthesis                   3. can be effective in a wide range of application
3. Required substantial complication                   4. utilizes the limited neural networks
   resource large data
4. neural network with multiple layers and
   requires multilayer and requires substantial
   computational resources

 Key to Deep Learning :

 In 2007 NVIDIA Launched CUDA frameworks
 It can be run Gpu not cpu running
1 .It enabled practitioners to easily use GPUs and acceleration
    the training of deep learning models
2. Personal GPUS for Deep learning are widely available, and
   renting GPUs from cloud providers like AWS or Azure is Common


Keras is an open-sources Python frameworks for building and training deep neural networks
with a user friendly and modular interfaces


1. It acts as an Interface for the TensorFlow Library
2. It is qualification as an easy-to-use, simplistic interface
3. It provides a python

Deep Learning LifeCycle:

   -->Model monitoring
           and
        Maintenance <--
           ^
           ^
   -->Deployment <--
           ^
           ^
   -->Testing Phase <--
           ^
           ^
   -->Training phase <--
           ^
           ^
   -->Data Collection <--
           ^
           ^
   --> 1.Planning Phase <--

Training Phase:
Once the collection of data